c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\CloudToDoAppTest.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\CloudToDoAppTest.pdb
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\CloudToDoAppTest.CloudToDoAppTest.apk
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\CloudToDoAppTest.CloudToDoAppTest-Signed.apk
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\CloudToDoAppTest.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\CloudToDoAppTest.pdb
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\android\bin\CloudToDoAppTest.CloudToDoAppTest.apk
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\res\layout\register.xml
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\CloudToDoAppTest.dll.config
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Kinvey-Utils.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Kinvey-Xamarin-Android.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Kinvey-Xamarin.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\ModernHttpClient.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\OkHttp.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\RestSharp.Portable.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.Async.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.Platform.XamarinAndroid.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Gcm.dll
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\ModernHttpClient.dll.mdb
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.xml
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\res\layout\customrow.xml
C:\Users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\res\layout\list.xml
C:\Users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\CloudToDoAppTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\obj\Debug\CloudToDoAppTest.dll.mdb
C:\Users\littl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudToDoAppTest\CloudToDoAppTest\bin\Debug\CloudToDoAppTest.dll.mdb
